Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/releases/4.06.0.md

* [Js_of_ocaml](http://ocsigen.org/js_of_ocaml/) is a stable OCaml
  to JavaScript compiler.

> * [Bucklescript](http://bucklescript.github.io/bucklescript/ - [404 Not Found]) is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BuckleScript](https://rescript-lang.org/blog/bucklescript-is-rebranding) is a
```
